Project Name: Apartment Search near Tesla Factory

Introduction
Cost of living is constantly increasing as time progress and in bay area, California it is even more competitive to find a cost-efficient residence because of increasing demand and so-called tag of Silicon Valley.
I am planning to move to California as I got an internship at Tesla Inc. and looking for apartments which are cost-efficient and not far away from the Tesla factory. It is very crucial not only for me but anyone who is migrating to some other location to find a good apartment for a better lifestyle and peaceful living. Myriad of resources on internet makes it difficult for individuals to look for apartments of their choice and finally ends up making some bad decisions.  
 To enhance this process, I applied data science principles to get all the apartments near Tesla factory and then filter out apartments that relates to my needs on the basis of distance from the factory, commute methods, nearby grocery stores, standard of living, etc. so it is easy for person to choose the place which fits in best to their needs. The needs change from individual to individual and so this in this project I have specified criteria according to my preferences. Preferences changes from person to person and so the code could be modified slightly in order to get apartments of their interest. The ultimate goal of the project is to narrow down the list of apartments to such a extent that it is both easy and feasible for a person to filter out apartments by  hassle free process.
The target audience for this project would be mostly students who get an internship at Tesla or some other companies nearby and are looking for an economical & cost-efficient way of living around it.

Data Description
The data I used for this analysis is obtained by Foursquare API. Foursquare API is a social network service which helps us exploring the world around us and so contains most of our neighborhood data. I have used this API to get the location of the Tesla Factory and all the apartments which are within 5 miles from the factory. I pulled out the data for various apartments and their neighborhoods and then analyzed it to filter out the apartment of mine choice.


